[growls][grunts]
[grunting]
We haven't been
properly introduced.
I'm Buffy and you're
history![groans]
Poor technique.
Prioritizing, subpar.
Execution was adequate,
but a bit too bloody
for my taste.
Giles, don't mention it.
It was my pleasure to make the
world safe for humanity again.
I'm not saying that your methods
are without merit.
It's... You're spending
too much time and energy.
It should simply be plunge
and move on,
plunge and--
Hello.
Oh!
That's great-- I kill them,
you fence their stuff.
What is it?
I don't know.
But it bothers you?
Yes... I thought this vampire
was just on a random kill,
but it may be something else.
Something big?
Yes.
I best consult my books.
"And there will be
a time of crisis,
"of worlds hanging
in the balance.
"And in this time shall come
"The Anointed,
"the Master's
Great Warrior.
"And The Slayer
will not know him,
"will not stop him,
and he will
lead her into Hell."
As it is written,
so shall it be.
"Five will die,
"and from their ashes,
"The Anointed shall rise.
"The brethren of Aurelius...
"shall greet him
and usher him to his
immortal destiny."
As it is written,
so shall it be.
"And one of the brethren
"shall go out hunting
the night before
"and get himself killed,
"because he couldn't wait
to finish his job
before he ate."
Oh, wait.
That's not written anywhere.
[wheezing]
The Anointed will be my greatest
weapon against The Slayer.
If you fail
to bring him to me,
if you allow that girl
to stop you...
Here endeth the lesson.
[wolf howling]
♪
GILES:
That symbol on the ring--
I believe it's
the rune for fidelity,
but, um, that doesn't connect
with any of the sects
that I've studied.
What about this?
On the inside,
it's a sun and three stars.
Haven't we seen
that somewhere?
Let me see.
Well, I-I don't think this, um,
represents any, uh--
Wait, it's right here--
"Sun and Three Stars."
[groans]
Check these guys out.
I told you it looked familiar.
Oh, The Order of Aurelius.
[door opens]
Yes, you're right.
Ooh, two points for The Slayer,
while The Watcher
has yet to score.
Oh, Owen.
Hi.
What do you want?
A book.
Oh.
See, this is a school,
and we have students,
and they check out books,
and then they learn things.
I was beginning
to suspect that was a myth.
I lost my Emily... Dickinson.
It's dumb, but
I like her around,
kind of a security blanket.
Oh, I have something like that.
Well, it's an actual blanket.
Oh, and I don't really
carry it around anym-more.
So, Emily Dickens, huh?
She's great.
Dickinson.
She's good also.
Poetry.
I didn't think
I'd find youhere.
Well, why not?
I-I didn't mean,
I mean...
I think you can read.
Oh, thanks.
But you don't
seem bookworm-y,
the type of person
to lock themselves
in a dark room
with a lot
of musty old books.
Oh.
And I've offended you.
No!
No, I'm just surprised
you gave any thought
to what I'm like.
You shouldn't be.
Oh, well, I love books.
I mean,
I reallylove books.
What's this?
Ooh, not this one!
This one she
doesn't love.
Oh, Emily Dickinson, hmm.
We're both fans.
Yes, she's quite
a good poet.
I mean, for a--
A girl?
For, for an American.
I'll, uh,
see you in math
if I open my eyes
at some point.
[chuckles]
Cool.
The Order of Aurelius is a
very old and venerated sect.
If they're here, it's
for a good reason.
That was Owen.
Yes, I remember.
Do you have any more copies
of Emily Dickinson?
I need one.
Buffy, while the mere
fact of you wanting
to check out a book would be
grounds for a national holiday,
I think we should focus
on the problem at hand.
Right,
I'm sorry,
you're right.
Vampires.
Oh.
Does this outfit
make me look fat?
Owen Thurman was
talking to you?
It's all true.
Wow, he hardly
talks to anyone.
He's solitary, mysterious.
He can brood for
40 minutes straight.
I've clocked him.
He was so nice,
it was eerie.
What did you guys
have to talk about?
Emily Dickinson.
He reads Emily Dickinson?
He's sensitive,
yet manly.
But wait, you've
never even read her.
You vixen.
[chuckles]
Has anybody given any thought
to what this green stuff is?
Mm, I'm avoiding the subject.
I think it's kale...
or possibly string cheese.
So, Buffy, how'd the slaying
go last night?
Xander!
I mean, how'd the laying go?
No, I don't mean that, either.
It went fine, thank you.
There's some new hoity-toity
vampire sect in town.
That's bad.
Well, hey, they bring in
the much-needed tourist dollars.
Ooh, look at Mr. Excitement.
BUFFY: Owen.
He's all alone.
Maybe somebody
should sit with him.
Just to be polite.
Good luck.
Okay, what just happened?
Look, an empty seat.
Ooh!
Oh.
Let me get that.
Thanks.
Boy, Cordelia's hips are wider
than I thought.[chuckles]
At least you don't have
to eat your soylent green.
Owen, a bunch of us
are loitering
at The Bronze tonight,
you there?
Who all's going?
Well, um, I'm gonna be there.
Who else?
You mean, besides me?
Buffy, what about you?
What?
No, no, no.
She, uh, she doesn't like fun.
How about we meet
there at 8:00?
Yeah.
8:00.
There.
It's not that big a deal.
It's just a bunch of people
getting together.
It's a very big deal!
It's not.
It is.
Tell her.
I'm afraid
it's very big.
Thank you.
Wait.
What are you
talking about?
Boys.
Yes, well, I'm
talking about trouble.
A violent and
disturbing prophecy
is about to be
fulfilled.
The Order of Aurelius.
You were spot on
about the connection.
I've looked at the writings
of Aurelius himself,
and he, he prophesied that
the brethren of his order
would come to The Master
and bring him The Anointed.
Who's that?Well, I don't know exactly.
A-A warrior, but it says
he will rise
from the ashes of The Five
on the evening of
the thousandth day
after the Advent of Septus.
Well, we'll be ready,
whenever it is.
Which is tonight.
Tonight, okay--
Not okay!
It can't be tonight!
My calculations are precise.
They're bad calculations.
Bad.
Buffy has a really
important date.
Owen!
All right, I'll just jump
in my time machine,
go back to the 12th century
and ask the vampires
to postpone their
ancient prophecy
for a few days while you
take in dinner and a show.
Okay, at this point,
you're abusing sarcasm.
Buffy, this is no
ordinary vampire,
but we have to stop him
before he reaches The Master.
But... cute guy.
Teenager.
Post-pubescent fantasies.
Those will just
have to be put on hold.
The dark forces
are aligning against us,
and we have a chance
to beat them back.
Tonight, we go into battle.
[crickets trilling]
Perhaps I miscalculated.
I'm thinking yes.
[slurping]
Well, you know what they say.
90% of the vampire
slaying game is-is waiting.
You couldn't have
told me that 90% ago?
Well, we-we've certainly
waited here long enough.
Besides, there aren't
any fresh graves.
Who's gonna rise?
Apparently, no one tonight.
Then I can bail?
I can go to The Bronze
and find Owen?
Very well, then.
Follow your hormones,
if you want.
But I assume I don't
have to warn you about
the hazards of becoming
personally involved
with someone who's unaware
of your unique condition?
Yeah, yeah, I read
the back of the box.
If your identity
as a slayer is revealed,
it could put you and all those
around you in grave danger.
Well, in that case,
I won't wear my button
that says,
"I'm a slayer, ask me how."
Good night.
"Five shall die,
and from their ashes,
The Anointed shall rise."
I was sure it was tonight.
♪
I went on an airplane.
A pale horse emerged
with Death as its rider.
You willbe judged.
You will be judged.
[indistinct chatter]
♪ It's real
♪ Then you wake up
♪ Shouting some
♪ Familiar name
♪ It's not the same
♪ You're just a girl...
♪ Just a girl
who knows no shame ♪
♪ Whose desperate pace
has lost its taste ♪
♪ And never-ending
darkness weighs ♪
♪ I can't avoid,
I can't complain ♪
♪ I know exactly
who's to blame ♪
♪ The girl who shares my--
That day's gonna bring fire.
Fire coming down, judgment.
Don't think you're ready,
ready to look upon him.
If there's sin in there,
there's sin all around.
It's a liquid.
On that day,
there won't be anybody
telling us what to do
or why we're doing it.
You can't prepare.
On that day--
Hey, you got to sit down.
Okay?
Are you willing to stand
with the righteous?
[horn honks]
[brakes squeal]
[woman screams]
Is everyone okay?
You okay?
You all right?
Are you all right?
Can you move?
[growls]
[passengers screaming]
So you just went home?
What was I supposed to do?
Say to Owen,
"Sorry I was late.
"I was sitting in a cemetery
with the librarian
"waiting for a vampire
to rise so I could prevent
an evil prophesy
from coming to pass"?
Or flat tire?
I can't take this anymore.
I feel like everyone
is staring at me--
the big, hideous,
dateless monster.
What? Yeah, that's right.
I have no life.
Come on, there's nothing
to see here, pal.
Move it along.
You're acting a little overly,
aren't you?
I mean, you could
have any guy in school.
He's not any guy.
He's more Owen-y.
Sure, he's got
a certain Owen-osity,
but that's not hard to find.
I mean, a lot
of guys read.
I can read.
[chuckles]
Hey, Buffy.
Owen.
Oh, look, it's Owen.
Buffy and Owen
and Xander--
that be me.
Where were you last night?
Oh.
Well, um, my watch broke.
And we don't have
any clocks in our house,
and so I didn't know what time
it was or even what day it was.
I thought I was the only one
that happened to.
How about we try it
again for tonight?
I'll even lend
you my watch.
Tonight?
Y-You and me?
Well, we could invite
the chess club, but
they drink,
and they start fights.
Oh, no,
It's just--
Well, I sort of heard...
that you and Cordelia
were somewhat
all over each other...
uh, a little.
I danced with her
a couple of times.
She's kind of grabby.
Well, let's see.
If I rearrange that,
and I push that to n--
Sure!
Tonight'll work.
Great, I'll pick
you up at 7:00?
Um...
7:00.
That's when the
little hand's there.
Oh, between
the six and the eight.
Um, I'll see you then.
Tonight!
Isn't that so...?
What?
Me and Owen.
Yeah.
So it is.
It sure is so.
[sighs]
Hey, how's it going?
Uh, all right.
That's great.
I see we're still working
on that "Anointed One" problem.
That'll probably
take a few days, right?
I mean, that's
one obscure prophesy.
Yes, well, there are quite
a few interpretations.
So, tonight's looking
pretty slow, right?
Probably best
to relax and regroup.
No big disasters coming.
That is so good.
I will see you
tomorrow, then, bye!
She is the strangest girl.
You have done well.
Everything is in place.
When this night's work is done,
I will have
a mighty ally.
I'll be one step closer
to freeing myself
from this mystical prison.
I've been trapped
down here so long,
I've nearly forgotten
what it's like on the surface.
Oh, there will be
time enough to remember...
when I rule it.
If she tries to stop you,
kill her.
Give your own lives,
but do not fail
to bring The Anointed.
I know you won't disappoint me.
Bug.
Pick.
Okay.
Do I want to appear
shy, coy and naive?
Or unrestrained,
insatiable and aggressive?
You know, Owen
is a little homespun.
He probably doesn't like
that overly assertive look.
Oh, hey, here's something.
A nice comfy overcoat
and a ski cap.
The earflaps will
bring out your eyes.
Maybe I should mix and match.
Okay, guy's opinion.
Which one do you think
Owen will like better--
the red or the peach?
Oh, you mean
for kissing you
and then telling
all his friends
how easy you are,
so the whole school
loses respect for you
and then talks
behind your back.
The red's fine.
Thanks.
I'll go with the peach.
Here, put this on.
You're not bothering me.
So where's he taking you?
Oh, I don't know.
Where do you suppose young kids
go on dates these days?
Well, I read
somewhere once
that sometimes
they go to movies.
Movies?
Interesting.
And I saw on TV once
a bunch of people our
age went to a party.
Wow, never knew
being a teenager
was so full
of possibilities.
[doorbell rings]
That's Owen.
That's Giles.
We need to talk.
Buffy's not home!
My calculations
may not have been
as far off as I thought.
"Five die in van accident"?
"Out of the ashes of five,
shall rise the one."
That's the prophesy.
Five people have died.
In a car crash.
I know it doesn't
quite follow,
but-but it's worth
investigating, look!
"Among the dead
was Andrew Borba,
whom the police
sought for questioning
in a double murder."
He may be The Anointed One.
Now, the-the bodies
have been taken
to-to Sunnydale Funeral Home.
We can--
Giles, why do you want
to hurt me?
I beg your pardon?
Hey.
Uh, hi.
You have a date.
Yes, but I will return those
overdue books by tomorrow.
No, you're not getting off
that easily.
Man, you really care
about your work.
Uh, Owen?
Yeah, a couple of things
about tonight.
Another date? Don't you
ever do anything else?
This is the first date.
There's never been a date, okay?
This is my maiden voyage.
What, she doesn't like to dance?
Well, it's a little too late
to do anything about that.
Uh, you should probably know
that Buffy doesn't
like to be kissed.
Actually, she doesn't
even like to be touched.
Xander!
As a matter of fact,
don't even look at her.
We don't even know
if this is anything.
Well, no, we don't.And I haven't had
a day off for a while.
True.
And a cranky slayer
is a careless slayer.
Buffy,
maintaining a normal
social life as a slayer
[stammers]
is problematic at best.
This is the '90s--
the 1990s,
in point of fact--
and I can do both.
Clark Kent has a job.
I just want to go on a date.
Well, I suppose it was
a fairly slim lead.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
And, look, I won't far, okay?
If the apocalypse comes,
beep me.
Is everything cool?
All set.
Yes, and you'll face a pretty
hefty fine in the morning.
Well, bye.
Don't wait up.
Is something going on?
Oh, well,
probably not, no.
I, uh, I suppose
I'll just, uh...
go to the funeral
home in case.
Just see if
anything comes up.
This is bad.
I wish it was just bad.
We should go along.
Yeah, you're right.
I don't trust
that Owen guy.
It's the eyes--
they're crazy.
Xander, we should
go with Giles.
He could get in trouble.
Oh, he's gone.
He's gonna be all right.
He's like super librarian,
you know?
Everyone forgets, Willow,
that knowledge
is the ultimate weapon.
[indistinct chatter]
♪ I'll be right along
♪ 'Cause, baby, you're so
♪ Strong...
The thing about
Emily Dickinson I love
is that's she's just
so incredibly morbid.
A lot of loss,
a lot of death.
It gets me.
A lot about bees
for some reason.
Did she have a tragic
and romantic life
with a lot of bees?
Quiet, kind of
sequestered and uneventful,
which I can really relate to.
I don't get out much.
I don't get that.
It's my fault.
I just find most girls
pretty frivolous.
I mean, there's a lot more
important things in life
than dating,
you know?
Oh.
Did I say something wrong?
Uh, no.
Come on.
♪ Baby, baby, I know
♪ It's always been so
♪ Physical love is
♪ Oh so meaningful
♪ For you...
It's weird.
What is?
You.
One minute,
you're right there.
I got you figured.
The next--
it's like
you're two people.
Really?
Which one do
you like better?
I'll let you know.
♪ So strong
♪ Baby
♪ I'm lost
♪ You know
♪ Because you're so strong
CORDELIA:
Aren't there laws against
this sort of thing?
Owen?
Look at you here,
all alone.
Cordelia,
I'm here with Buffy.
Oh, okay.
You want to dance?
No. I'm still here with Buffy.
You are so good
to help the needy.
Cordelia, Owen and I would
like to be alone right now,
and for that to happen,
you would have
to go somewhere that's away.
Well, when you're ready
for the big leagues,
let me know.
♪ You would suffer, suffer
♪ For me...
♪
[growling]
Damn.
[vampires growling]
[hissing]
♪
[growling]
♪ I have a window
in my mind ♪
♪ I can tell it to look
right through you ♪
Are you, uh, having fun?
Yeah.
I almost feel like a girl.
♪
Let's see...
[gasps]
Giles, it's us.
What are you doing here?
We saw two guys go in after you.
Are they--?They are.
Listen, you should
get to safety.
Can you get out
this window?
I'm afraid not.
Look, I hate to state
the obvious,
but this looks
like a job for Buffy.
Uh, she has a-a-a beeping thing.
Uh, no phone, of course.
Look, we'll get her.
Just, uh, hang in there.
[crashing]
Do hurry.
[rock music playing]
Do you want
something to eat?
Sure, just make it
something fattening.
What a disgusting display.
Is that really
appropriate behavior
in a public forum?
I mean, I've
never seen a girl
throw herself
at a guy like that.
[groans]
Ooh...
Hello, salty goodness.
Pick up the phone.
Call 911.
That boy is gonna
need some serious
oxygen after I'm
through with him.
Buffy.
Angel.
Why is this happening to me?
I was hoping I'd find you here.
You were?Some serious stuff
happening tonight.
You need to be out there.
No, not you, too.
What do you know?
Prophecy, Anointed One,
yadda, yadda, yadda.
So you know, fine.
I just thought I'd warn you.
Warn me?
You see that guy
over there at the bar?
He came here
to be with me.
You're here on a date?
Yes! Why is it such
a shock to everyone?
Here you go.
Uh...
um, Owen,
this is Angel.
Angel, this is Owen,
who is my date.
Hey.
So, where do you
know Buffy from?
Work.
Do you work?
WILLOW:
Buffy!
OWEN:
Look at this.
You show up everywhere,
interesting.
You don't know the half of it.
What's he doing here?
My guess is the same thing
you're doing here.
Uh, excuse me,
what are any of you doing here?
Look, we got to get to, uh--
[groans]
We thought it'd be fun if, uh,
we made this a double date.
I didn't know you guys
were seeing each other.
Oh, yeah, well, we knew it
would happen eventually,
so we figured, hey,
why fight it?
And you guys were
thinking double?
'Cause of...
[chuckles]
the fun!
And you're here
because of work?
Hey, maybe we should all
go somewhere together.
Gee, that's so nice
of you to ask,
but Owen and I were,
well, sort of Owen and I.
You know what'd be cool?
The Sunnydale Funeral Home.
I've always
wanted to go there.
The funeral home.
Actually, that sounds
kind of cool.
Do you think we could
all sneak in?
We saw some guys
in there before.
They seemed to be having fun.
Bite me!
[sighs]
Um,
Owen, I got to go.
I thought we were going
to the funeral home?
No, you can't!
I'll tell you what--
I'll be back in a little while.
Buffy.
What's the deal?
Do you want to bail on me?
No! No, no. Uh...
Do you remember when you said I
was like two different people?
Well, one of them has to go,
but the other one is having
a really, really good time
and will come back.
I promise.
♪ I'm in love
♪ With a junkie girl
♪ And the junkie girl
♪ She's in love with me
She's the strangest girl.
Which way?
The room's around back.
Damn it!
This is so cool.
Owen?
You can't be here.
Oh, and I suppose
you guys are allowed?
What are we doing here?
Are we gonna see a dead body?
Possibly several.
Guys, watch him.
Is she mad?
Oh, she just wants to make
sure there are no guards,
so we don't get in trouble.
Good thinking.
Giles?
Giles!
It is you.
Oh, good.
What happened?
Uh, two more of the brethren
came in here.
They came after me.
But I was more
than a match for them.
Meaning?
I hid.
But this chap
was good enough
to bunk with me
until they went away.
Well, were they here after you,
or was it that prophecy thing?
Uh, that's what we
have to find out.
I don't know
what these brethren
mean to do exactly...
Find The Anointed or, or,
or give him something perhaps?
Uh, it's all very vague.
And The Anointed
may be long gone.
But he may not be.
We must find out.
Okay.
I just need to get Owen and the
others out of harm's way first.
Owen?
You brought a date?
I didn't bring him.
He came.
Buffy, when I said
you could slay vampires
and have a social life,
I didn't mean at the same time.
I know,
I'll get rid of him.
You can't make him
go out there alone.
We don't know
where the brethren are.
I'll just--No! No, Giles.
If he sees you,
he's gonna have more questions
than he already does right now.
I'll take care of it.
Is everything okay?
It is.
And we'll be leaving?
We're not done
looking around yet.
No, he's right.
So let's find
a nice safe, fun room
to look around in.
We tried the office here,
but it's locked.
[grunts]
No, it's not.
Well, I don't think
we'll find much in here.
That's the plan.
Okay.
What?
I have to go now.
Um, to the bathroom.
I have to go to the bathroom.
If you hear anything, like a
security guard or something,
just be really quiet...
and barricade the door.
[groans]
Parts.
GILES:
Keep looking.
He must be here somewhere.
What are you guys doing?
Un, just in case.
Oh, my.
[grunts]
Nothing.
The Anointed
must be gone.
I guess.
I mean, this is where they keep
all the dead bodies, right?
Uh-huh.
I read a lot about death,
but I've never really
seen a dead body before.
Do they... usually move?
I have been judged.
What's... going on?
Oh, no.
[laughs]
He is risen in me.
He fills my head with song.
Pork and beans.
Pork and beans.Give me that.
I can smell you.
You're the chaff, unblessed.
I'll suck the blood
from your hearts.
He says I may.
He's in there.
Uh, go!
Get out!
XANDER:
She'll be okay, come on.
BORBA:
♪ Shall we gather
♪ At the river
♪ The beautiful
the beautiful river ♪
[shrieks][growling]
[Borba continues singing
indistinctly]
I think he's coming this way.
Oh, God!
This is too much!
What have you got?
What?
What did you bring?
Do you have a stake?
Oh, um--
Thank you.
W-What should I do?
Um, go outside and make sure
the others are okay.
[screams]
Buffy!
Somebody's got to help Buffy!
Owen!
They told me about you
while I was sleeping.
[groans]
Why does he hurt me?
[shouting]
[buzzing]
Buffy!
[grunting]
No!
[both grunt]
[growls]
[grunts]
Did you see that?
He tried to bite me.
What a sissy.
No!
Dead.
He was found wanting.
[both grunt]
You killed my date!
[Buffy grunting]
[punches landing]
Buffy, Owen's--Just give her a sec.
[grunting]
You killed my date!
[groans]
Your turn.
[shouts]
[screaming]
Does anyone
have an aspirin?
Or 60?
BUFFY:
Owen.
What happened
to that guy?
Oh. We scared him away.
Oh, good, 'cause,
you know, I would've--
I know.
Here.
I'm sure this isn't exactly
what you had in mind
for a first date.
Yeah... I was hoping maybe
we'd finish up
at Ben and Jerry's.
We still could.
No, I-I think
I'll just walk home.
Uh... which way's home?
I'll get you there.
No, I'll-I'll go it alone.
I'll make sure he
gets home safely.
Buffy, if I might, uh--Don't.
Well, did Owen say anything
about me on the way home?
Well, you mean
specifically about you?
Or generally...
in the area...
in the ballpark--
any sort of indication?
Well, in that case, no.
But he was pretty incoherent,
so we might've missed it.
You think?
No.
Anyway, I totally
blew it last night.
No, see, what you need
is a guy who already knows
your deepest, darkest secrets
and still says,
"Hey, I like that girl."
Someone like--
Owen.
Huh?
Well.
[chuckles]
This is our stop.
Hi.
♪ All around you...
This is going well.
I don't really know
how to say this,
but about last night--
You don't even have to.
I'm sure you were
pretty freaked out.
Totally.
And I was wondering
when I could see you again.
Um, that was my hopeful ear.
Could you repeat that?
I think you're the coolest.
Really?
I mean, last night
was incredible.
I never thought that
nearly getting killed
would make me feel so alive.
So that's why you
want to be with me.
Oh, absolutely.
When can we do something
like that again?
Something like...?
Like walk downtown
at 3:00 in the morning
and-and pick a
fight in a bar.
How about tonight?
Tonight would... be...
not a workable thing.
Did I just say that?
Tomorrow, then.
I-I'm free any night this week.
I'm not.
Please don't take
this personally.
It's not you.
It's me.
Right.
It's you.
And I was kind of hoping
that maybe you and I
could still be--I-I get it.
You just want to be friends.
That'd be nice.
Friends.
Yeah.
Great.
♪ The world will
keep on turning ♪
♪ It'll all be there
come morning... ♪
Yeah.
Great.
♪ So tonight...
Um...
♪ Let the sun fall down...
I was ten years old
when my father told me
I was destined
to be a watcher.
He was one and his, uh,
mother before him,
and I was to be next.
Were you thrilled
beyond all measure?
No. I had very definite
plans about my future.
I was gonna be a fighter pilot.
Or possibly a grocer...
Uh, my father gave me
a very tiresome speech
about, uh, responsibility
and sacrifice.
"Sacrifice," huh?
He seems like
a nice lad.
Yeah.
But he wants
to be Dangerman.
Hmm.
You, Xander, Willow,
you guys--
you guys know the score.
You're careful.
Two days in my world, and Owen
really would get himself killed.
Or I'd get him killed.
Or someone else.
No, I went to the funeral home
of my own free will.
And I should've been there.
Buffy--
I blew it!
I have volumes
of lore, of prophecies,
of predictions,
but I don't have
an instruction manual.
We feel our way as we go along.
And, I must say, as a slayer,
you're-you're doing...
pretty well.
Well, at least I did stop that
prophecy thing from coming true.
You did.
Handily.
No more Anointed One.
And I would imagine The Master,
wherever he is,
is having a fairly
bad day himself.
"And in this time will come
"The Anointed,
"and The Slayer
will not know him.
"She will not stop him.
And he will lead her into Hell."
Welcome, my friend.
[chuckling]
Grr. Argh.